Am I wrong about you ever since they started working here? You never mentioned our past. I thought you moved on
Do you remember your first day here?
Excuse me, sir. Miss Spencer is here
Mr. Morgan it is such an honor to work here. Hello, Miss Spencer
Bruce
You're the CEO of the Morgan group
You're the one who made an exception to hear me. Of course I did
After all with your background
How else would you have landed such a prestigious position?
Pit
Because I hate you and I want you to feel it up close and personal
Chris there is something I've been meaning to tell you. What is that? It's it's just water
So you're wet huh?
Is that how you think you're just gonna snag some rich guy come with me?